This Privacy Policy is intended to explain how Lillup (from now on - "we", "us") will collect, use and disclose your personal information obtained during registration or in the process of using the Lillup.com website. By visiting our website or using the system or services provided by the Lillup platform, you agree to the privacy policy described below and the changes made to it. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time.
We will use the information provided to ensure the proper functioning, support, presentation or improvement of the site, products and services, to ensure legal compliance, to answer your questions or messages, to send any notifications regarding technical support or site administration, inform you about news, products, services and project events, etc., monitor and analyze the behavior, use and actions on our website, identify to investigate and prevent fraud and unauthorized or unlawful actions, for any other reason or purpose described in Lillup's rules and policies.
3- Sharing information
Lillup will store your personal information in its database. Lillup may contract third parties to store your personal information.
Lillup may share your personal information with:
• Third parties who provide services to Lillup for the storage of your personal information, fraud prevention, marketing and technology, the services of a sale; these third parties are bound by contracts with confidentiality and non-disclosure clauses and may not use your personal information for any reason other than that specified in this privacy policy.
• Escrow or any other processor of your payment.
• Law enforcement agencies, government officials or other third parties when Lillup is required to provide your personal information by law, subpoena or court order.
• Parent company and / or subsidiary.
• Other third parties with your consent or instruction to do so.
4- Use of Cookies
Lillup or its partners may place small data files (cookies) or pixel tags on your computer or other device when you access Lillup.com website. Lillup may use these technologies to recognize you as a returning user, customize its services, content and advertising, evaluate marketing activities, and collect information about your computer or other access device.
Lillup may codify its cookies to limit access of third parties to the received information. You can independently control the use of cookies from your browser or browser add-ons; however, blocking or disabling Lillup‘s cookies may interfere with your use of Lillup.com website.
Lillup is not obligated to place cookies on your computer and may do it at its own discretion.
5- Editing or deleting data
When you have subscribed to our newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by canceling your subscription on our website.
You can view, update, correct, or delete personal information associated with your account by logging into the system and your account. If you want to update or delete other personal information, you can contact us. We will take steps to modify or delete your personal information as soon as reasonably possible. However, some information may remain stored in an archive copy.
If your account is deleted, we will continue to store your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill all of our obligations to the Lillup platform service and as long as necessary to ensure compliance with the law.
6- Hyperlinks and third party websites
Our website may contain links to third-party websites that may collect your personal information. If you use such a link to leave our website and visit another site, the terms of this Privacy Policy will not apply to your use of such third-party websites and your actions on those sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of other websites, as we do not control their policies and will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of the information you provide when visiting these third-party sites.
7- KYC and AML policies
The Company reserves the right to conduct “Know your customer” and “Anti-money laundering” checks and procedures on the Purchasers if it becomes required by the applicable laws.
The Purchaser undertakes to provide all the information requested by the Company in respect of conducting KYC or AML checks/procedures. In the event that the Purchaser fails or refuses to provide the specific and necessary information requested by the Company in due time, the Company shall have the power to terminate the Purchaser’s rights to use the Website and the power to stop providing services to that Purchaser without any obligation from the Company to refund or indemnify the Purchaser.
8- Newsletter
When you subscribe to our newsletter, we use the data you have provided to send us our newsletter by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the bottom of the newsletter.
By subscribing to our newsletter, you certify that you have read and accepted the information relating to the protection of personal data.
If you have any questions or doubts regarding our privacy policy, please contact us on the email address ampersand@lillup.com
